What documentation needs to be provided for off site storage of materials?
What bases are within Navy Region NW?
Who is the founder of GovGig?
What did the GAO state on the status of the nation's four major naval shipyards?
Provide me with detailed history of Puget Sound Naval Shipyard.
List the core Federal Acquisition Regulations, construction clauses, safety and labor compliance documents, federal design standards, contract administration guides, forms, and dispute references used in federal construction.
We are building a barracks project at Camp Pendleton and have uncovered unexploded ordnance. What should we do and write a serial letter notifying the contracting officer including FAR clauses for excusable delay and differing site conditions.
Is the document generator working yet?
Why is the document generator still under construction?
Review the FAR or DFARS clauses and identify risks related to construction scheduling.
What is a concurrent delay?
As a Project Manager, analyze the commissioning requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Project Manager, analyze the punchlist requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
Write a delay letter to NAVFAC regarding an outage disapproval and the delay including the default FAR clause.
Why would a general contractor submit an REA and not a change order to the government?
What is the difference between a change order and an REA?
If there is a safety incident, what does the government need from the general contractor?
How do I calculate my daily rate?
My prime contractor is not paying me. What can I do?
Draft a letter to the contracting officer regarding FAR 52.242-5 stating that the prime contractor is not paying.
What should I verify regarding bonding requirements after contract award?
If the contracting officer and I do not agree on the legitimacy of a change order, what are the next steps?
How do you appeal an unsatisfactory CPARS?
What documents do I need for a novation agreement?
What contract clauses should I review before project mobilization?
Are professional services to help with REAs allowable costs?
As a Project Executive, analyze the RFI requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
Can I appeal my CPARS rating?
What should I prepare for the government preconstruction conference?
What certification do I need to put on my REA?
Add the FAR default clause to a letter and include DFARS clause 252.236-7000.
There was a delay in getting badges for my employees. Draft a letter to the contracting officer seeking an REA.
The government has denied an outage request on the critical path. What should I do and write a letter regarding delays and impacts.
Add language indicating that time and cost impacts are unknown at this time and include serial letter numbering.
Generate a government property tracking form.
What FAR clauses can be the basis of an REA?
Can you recommend a government contracts attorney?
Export the response to a Word document.
We were digging a footing and ran into an unexpected gas line not shown on the drawings. What should we do?
What is the deadline for filing a protest?
What are the roles and responsibilities of a federal construction quality control manager?
What should we do if a vendor cannot match the specifications?
Write an RFI in standard NAVFAC form for this issue.
Rephrase the answer to include all applicable FAR, DFARS, and EM-385 requirements.
What are my rights as a contractor during a debrief?
How do I access the process guidance agent?
I was just issued a job as a project manager for a federal design-bid-build construction project through NAVFAC. Provide the first 10 steps.
How do I upload submittal documents?
How can I upload the specifications?
How do I load the submittal registry?
What is a PPI?
As a Project Manager, analyze submittal requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance.
As a Project Manager, analyze RFI requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance.
What does a project manager do on a federal construction project?
As a Project Manager, analyze safety requirements during the post-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance.
We discovered an oil tank that is not on the drawings. What do we do next?
What is SIOP?
Which FAR clause applies to differing site conditions?
What FAR clause relates to professional services?
Show me the standard project cost ranges for a government solicitation.
