What bases are within Navy Region NW?
Who is the founder of govgig?
What did the GAO state on the status of the nation's four major naval shipyards?
Provide me with detailed history of Puget Sound naval shipyard
Core Federal Acquisition Regulations / FAR clauses / federal construction document list (long structured input)
Write the KO a serial about the shutdown, notifying them of potential impacts, include excusable delay clauses, and DFARS 252.236-7000
We are building a barracks project at camp Pendleton and have uncovered unexploded ordnance. What do I do and write me a serial letter notifying the KO. Include FAR excusable delay, differing site conditions
Is the document generator working yet?
Why is the document generator still under construction?
Write a serial letter notifying the ko of the wildfire impact
What is INDOPACOM?
What does OCONUS mean?
How often should the superintendent update drawings?
What are redline drawings?
Review the FAR or DFARS clauses and identify risks related to construction scheduling
What is a concurrent delay?
As a Project Manager, analyze the far clause interpretation requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Project Manager, analyze the contract compliance requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Project Manager, analyze the commissioning requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Project Manager, analyze the punchlist requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Project Manager, analyze the warranties requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Project Manager, analyze the inspections requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Project Manager, analyze the differing site conditions requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Project Manager, analyze the delays requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
Add DFARS clause 252.236-7000 into the letter.
Write a delay letter to Navfac regarding an outage disapproval and the delay, include the default FAR clause
As a Project Manager, analyze the pricing adjustments requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Project Manager, analyze the change orders requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Project Manager, analyze the safety requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
What clauses are covered by the Christian Doctrine?
Why would a general contractor submit an REA and not a change order to the government?
Document use and possession per FAR for benefit occupancy.
What is the difference between a change order and an REA?
If there is a safety incident, what does the government need from the general contractor?
How do I calculate my daily rate?
What is allowable for Field Office Overhead?
How often can a general contractor submit billing?
Can the government designate anyone as a contracting officer representative?
What dollar value do I need to certify my REA?
If the government's contracting officer representative is not qualified, what can the general contractor do?
Can the contracting officer adjust the schedule?
What counts as justification for the contracting officer to change the schedule?
My prime isn't paying me. What can I do?
Draft a letter to the KO regarding 52.242-5 stating the prime contractor is not paying.
What should I verify regarding bonding requirements after award?
How often do I need to send in daily reports?
During excavation I encountered a duct bank that wasn't on any government drawings. Can I get reimbursed for the extra costs of removing it?
If the contracting officer and I do not agree on the legitimacy of a change order, what are the next steps?
How do you appeal an unsatisfactory CPARS?
What is the difference between termination for default and termination for convenience and what are the impacts of both to the contractor?
What is the reasonable withholdings on an invoice?
What documents do I need for a novation agreement?
How do I confirm the contract scope aligns with the solicitation and award documents?
What is the difference between product substitution and product variance?
I have received an offer to buy my company. What impact will that have on my government contracts?
What contract clauses should I review before project mobilization?
Add additional information that the time and cost impacts are unknown at this time.
What is the difference between limited rights, government purpose rights, and unlimited rights?
Generate a government property tracking form
What documents must I review immediately after federal construction contract award?
Draft me an REA for compensable delay
If I have concurrent compensable and non-compensable days of delay, can I be paid for the compensable days?
What FAR clauses can be the basis of an REA?
What data do I need to support an REA?
Can you recommend me a Government contracts attorney?
Export to a word document
I think the Government has messed up the small business set aside. What should I do?
We were digging a footing and ran into an unexpected gas line that isnt on the drawings. now what?
Write me an RFI, in standard NAVFAC form, for this issue
Rephrase answer to include all applicable FAR/DFAR/and EM 385 requirements
What are my rights as a contractor during a debrief?
Generate a QC dashboard for project quality performance.
Night-shift lighting levels are below 50 foot-candles. Write the dual safety/quality stop-work order.
Generate a QC checklist for conduit installation.
Generate a checklist for verifying masonry reinforcement placement.
Generate a QC inspection checklist for demolition activities.
Identify the quality-related deliverables required in Division 00 before construction begins.
How should I structure the serial letter?
What is DFARS?
What is SIOP?
What is a serial letter?
Which FAR clause applies to differing site conditions?
What is the FAR clause that relates to professional services?
Show me the standard project cost ranges for a government solicitation.
What is FAR 36.204?
What are the roles and responsibilities of a federal construction quality control manager?
What do we do if a vendor cannot match the specifications?
As a Superintendent, analyze the inspections requirements during the claims & disputes phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Superintendent, analyze the pricing adjustments requirements during the claims & disputes phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
When can the contracting officer not change the schedule?
I was just issued a job as a project manager, post award, for a federal DBB construction job through NAVFAC. provide the first 10 steps
How do I upload submittal documents?
Per EM385, when is a hot work permitted?
I want to upload the specifications
I want to load the submittal registry
Is there a requirement to advise the government if a change has been made to a qc plan?
Are there qc program requirements in the FAR, DFAR, or EM385?
What is a PPI?
As a Project Manager, analyze the submittals requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Project Manager, analyze the rfis requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
Where do I find my insurance information?
We had a fire overnight at the site, what should I do?
Draft an Initial Phase inspection report verifying the first installation of Division 23 – HVAC components.
As a Estimator, analyze the rfis requirements during the pre-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
As a Project Manager, analyze the safety requirements during the post-award phase of a federal construction project and recommend actions to ensure compliance with contract requirements.
Which FAR clause applies to differing site conditions?
We have discovered an oil tank that is not on the drawings, what do I do next?
What does the project manager do on a federal construction project?
Test these queries
